welcome to the first ever episode of
Gray's and Michelle game we're gonna
play what do we get what happens Halo
Reach we play a video game and we have
some friendly conversation with the
other players while we play Michelle is
very good at the game I'm not so good at
the game but I'm good at holding a
conversation we have a corresponding
beverage to go along with our game and
today we're playing Halo Reach and so
we're gonna be making halo peach - I'm
just gonna open this one - but yeah
we're gonna wanna do that one bottle
each juice cheers Cheers see you to the
halo 3 in a while we're celebrating
okay Greece has no idea how to play this
no I don't but we each have separate
goals that are gonna be happening today
my goal is to find out what the other
players want more in life chicken
fingers or chicken wings and my goal is
to be number one on the team so let's
get into this let's play Halo Reach
but who's excited I'm so excited I can
be able to contain myself who's excited
some on my team shot me
really know someone in it red color
shopping how many laughs do I have in
this game as many as you want is there a
way I can find like a mushroom you get a
1-up Oh someone stab me how could I see
myself getting stabbed
oh look at this oh yes I reload reload
watch it watch it matrix
that's really good grace watch it Oh
name
dad I feel like I'm doing a really great
job yeah ah this I threw a grenade at my
own feet
Michelle team Michelle won the game I
got 22 kills I got less than good game
guys
whoa game close game
mucho close don't ask al baño necesito
el baño found something guys come help
me with no confuse them
I feel like Beyonce you guys are all the
Michelle's not Michelle Vargas Michelle
you know the girl from Destiny's Child
where are my Kelly Rowland's at good job
team ooh sorry I shot someone on my own
team guys because no one's top in
someone's a ghost who's a ghost it's me
oh sorry yeah all right you didn't hit
me
hey team team
watch I'm in do team my chess team
look at Renee oh I'm out of them I'm out
of her mates
that's a can't throw any more grenades
into the ocean cuz I'm out of them I
need some guys I need someone to bring
me a grenade team we're supposed to be a
team and I need someone to bring me a
grenade last round that's right I'm
gonna kill a person now you are hearing
it one kilobyte humming finishes all the
ladies so we independent throw your
hands up I'm at the Momma's House of
Dallas hey it's Sunday I'd not go to
church I thought about it but instead I
started to play Halo you know what
that's like you know that game I know
that game there's a body water goodnight
okay oh look it you know all kinds of
things that you don't think you'd ever
want and then you watch these people buy
it and it's worth a lot more than what
they're buying it for it's just really
charming you know I think my favorite
part of this game is guys the grenades
this is like a big Oh Chucky Cheese in
here
I've two minutes dad on the floor that
was me I'm gonna say a little prayer
right here oh Jesus
and I'm dead one for the ambition shut
up first of the team guys quick quick
kid what do you like chicken fingers
your chicken wings I'll take that as
fingers that was the first episode of
Grayson Michele game nice amiga game and
Michelle met her goal she got first on
the losing team never get any I'd win
right but I did get first a few pens I
try to no one no one wanted to talk to
grace almost no one so my goal of
finding out if they want to chicken
fingers or chicken wings is still to be
determined in future episodes we
actually reused that yes speaking of we
want to know from you guys what game
should we play in future episodes and
what should we drink in correlation with
the game you don't get a good pun we'll
use it yes we love puns so thanks for
watching us play Halo Reach and drinking
our halo peach and celebrating our being
back geech package we're back each so
thanks guys we'll see you next time
until then keep on not talking to me
over Xbox Live thanks ie grenade